What’s your name? Oh, it’s nice to meet you, Muffin.
 Which one of you two would win in a fight?
 Give me a kiss on the cheek, and maybe I’ll let you
forgive me.
 I’m too high maintenance for you.
 You girls aren’t tourists, are you?
 I gotta go; I left a knife in the fork drawer.
 You guys are trouble. Who’s the biggest trouble
maker?
 I said I wouldn’t date bad girls anymore. Get out of
here.
 What are you guys still doing here? That’s it, get out,
I’m going to have to call security.
 I’m going to have to ask you to leave. (Smile)
 Do you guys have ID?
 You’re way too young for me. (Great for young guys)
 It’s okay, you can kiss me.
 I was just trying to have a guys night-out. You totally
ruined it. You had to be so cute.
 You’re so totally adorable, like a puppy. Bad puppy,
you’re always trying to slobber on me.
 OMG, it’s you! I can’t be seen talking to you again, I’ll
be right back.
 You guys aren’t from (The city you’re in), there’s no
way. How long are you in town for?
 If you can take me anywhere on vacation where would
it be?
 No, its fine, you don’t have to buy me a drink.
 You’d look cute with a fanny pack.
 You’d look cute with a Mohawk.
 I’ll put you in my pocket and you can be my personal
GPS.
 You seem safe.
 I feel like I can trust you…with nothing.
 You don’t like me…as a friend.
 Let’s be best friends forever but, no sex.
 I can’t go home with you tonight.
 I see me and you rolling around in the sheets being
totally non-sexual.
 Is that what you say to all the guys?
 Is that one of your pickup lines?
 Don’t say anything, you’re cute. You’ll mess it all up.
 You’re doing great. Honestly, keep it up.
 On our first date make sure you the cut crust off my
peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
 Wear cute shoes to our first date.
 Where are you taking me this weekend?
 You don’t have to be nervous, it’s cute.
 You look like you’re up to no good.
 I saw you checking me out, if I didn’t come and say
‘hi’ I was scared you’d follow me home later.
 You’re going to like me better the third time you see
me. I walked by twice and you didn’t flag me down, try
to grab my ass or anything.
 Do you remember me? You were standing over at the
bar and I walked by you? Yeah it was me, I was that
guy.
 Did you save this seat for me?
 Did you miss me?
 Whoa, Whoa, don’t beat me up.
 Don’t look at me like that. Are you going to fight me in
front of all these people?
 I’d so take you. I’d tickle you until you pee your pants.
 I see the way you look at me, like I’m a piece of meat. I
need trust comfort and connection.
 I hate this place; I get treated like a piece of man flesh.
 I’m not a sausage with feet.
 Stop trying to flirt/impress/check me out/ undress me
with your eyes.
 You’re doing a great job. Where are you taking me
out?
 Did he call? Its okay, we all get stood up sometimes.
 How many months have we known each other?
 I’m high maintenance. You need to wine me and dine
me.
 I’m emotionally unavailable.
 It’ll never work out. I’d never take your shit and you’d
never take mine.
 We have too much in common. We’d fight all day
long. And I’d win.
 You guys are such players.
 Stop flirting with me in front of my friends. They’re
getting jealous. I promised them I wouldn’t go home
with anyone tonight.
 You’re getting me all emotional. You’re making me
think impure/naughty thoughts.
 You must’ve driven your parents crazy.
 Isn’t it a school night? Do your parents know where
you are?
 Your parents would never approve of this.
 I’ll adopt you as my little sister. We can climb trees
and drink Kool-aid.
 OMG, you’re getting me wet.
 Do you mind watching my drink? Don’t put any
roofies in there or anything. If someone tries to steal it,
kick their ass.
 Hey thanks I’ve been waiting for that. (Her drink)
 Aww, for me? Thanks, you’re like my little angel.
 Quit your day job. I’ll double your salary. You can be
my bodyguard.
 You can be the president of my fan club. You’ll follow
me around and have me autograph every picture you
take of me.
 I’m not that kind of guy, okay?
 Don’t get your hopes up. I’m not easy.
 I hate you. We are so over; I called you 3 o’ clock in
the morning last night and left 9 messages. I can’t
believe you treat me like this.
 C’mon let’s play.
 You are taking this way too seriously.
 You’re messing it all up. You’re back to square one
with me, missy.
 That’s it. You lost me. I’m not talking to you for two
minutes.
 Let’s play a game. Let’s see how long you can hold
your breath.
 Where’s your off button?
 Let’s see if you’ve got game. Try and pick me up.
 You’re cool. You can help me pick up chicks.
 That’s it. We’re broken up/divorced. I want half of my
shit. Thank God for pre-nups.
 If that were true you wouldn’t love me.
 You’re dead to me.
 I still love you. Like a little sister. You’re adorable but
annoying.
 You’re such a bad girl. You’re going to get us arrested.
Lucky for you, I look cute in stripes.
 Now you’re just making stuff up as you go along.
 Hey, is everyone having a good time tonight? Is
everyone having fun?
 Alright, Okay. Check you out.
 I didn’t mean to do this in front of your friends but
we’re through.
 Let’s find you a man.
 You can’t just talk to a random person, that’s weird!
 Welcome to (Bar Name). Glad you made it.
 You aren’t trying hard enough to take me home.
 I caught you! You were totally staring at my package.
 Won’t you stop staring at my tits.
 I’m so attracted to you in a totally non-sexual way.
 Baby, you can drunk-dial me anytime.
 Stop treating me like a sex object.
 Here’s another chance for you to compliment my ass
If she drops/spills/etc. something:
 See... This is why we can’t have nice things.
 It’s ok, you don’t have to be nervous.
 Relax. You’re going to hurt yourself.
 It’s a good thing you’re pretty.
If she says something ridiculous:
 What is this, open mic night?
 Clearly, your boyfriend isn’t spanking you enough.
 Are you at least rich?
 You’re fucking up my Fung Shui (whenever she
touches or moves your property)
 Did you come over here just to flirt with me?
 Are you always like this, or just with guys you’re
attracted to?
 You better be getting back to your friends before they
realize you’re over here flirting with me.
 You know, you’re a cool/good/nice girl, despite what
everyone else says about you.
 Looks like someone put their cranky pants on this
morning.
 OMG, saucer of milk, table two
 Stop looking at me like a fat kid looks at a cheese
burger
 This is a great spot for me, I’m really well-lit.
 Something smells great in here. Oh, it’s me.
 Are you drunk or are you usually like this?
 Is she always like this?
 You guys are like the spice girls. You’re like ___ spice,
and you’re ___ spice.
 I used to be too modest, but I worked at it and now I’m
perfect.
 It’s like Oprah/The View in here.
 You’re such a brat!
 You’re a shy girl aren’t you? You guys gotta get her out
more.
 I’m going to take you home in my little pocket and ask
my roomies if I can keep you. Wait, are you
housebroken?
 You usually hang out at the library don’t you?
 Dork. I’m going to get you one of those little hats with a
propeller on it.
 If she drops something: “It’s ok, you don’t have to be
nervous”. Offering them a sippy cup if they spill their
drink is fun, or asking the bartender for one for her.
 Don’t make me get the bible out.
 ...now you’re just talking while you’re trying to think of
something to say...
 If I wasn’t gay, we would have such beautiful children.
Seriously, imagine how cute our kids would be.
 If she does something stupid: “Welp, it’s a good thing
you’re cute.”
 When I beat them at thumb-wars... “OMG you SUCK at
this, but you can cook right?”
 Which one of you guys would win in a fight?
 What else do you like about me?
 I’m so out of your league.
 Let’s play a game. Let’s see how long you can hold your
breath.
 You’re back to square one with me, missy.
 You’re so outside the circle of trust.
 You’re such a player.
 Your ex-boyfriend sounds just like me.
 I’m so emotionally unavailable right now.
 I think you might make a nice friend.
 God damn girl! You’d screw up a wet dream!
 Relax. You’re going to hurt yourself.